Slides for HATRA talk (#74)
Roblox/luau: papers/hatra21/talk.tex

\end{itemize}

\end{frame}

\begin{frame}

\frametitle{Nonstrict types}

Goal: \emph{no false positives}.

\begin{itemize}
\item \textbf{Nonstrict mode} enabled by developers who want type-drive tools.
\item \textbf{Victory condition} does not have an obvious definition!
\item \textbf{A shot at it}: a program is \emph{incorrectly flagged} if it contains
  a flagged value (i.e.~a flagged program has successfully terminated).
\item \textbf{Progress + correct flagging} is what we want???
\end{itemize}

\emph{Related work}:
\begin{itemize}
\item Success types (e.g. Erlang Dialyzer).
\item Incorrectness Logic.
\end{itemize}

\end{frame}

\begin{frame}

\frametitle{Mixing types}

Goal: \emph{support mixed strict/nonstrict development}.

\begin{itemize}
\item \textbf{Per-module} strict/nonstrict mode.
\item \textbf{Combined} progress + preservation with progress + correct flagging?
\end{itemize}

\emph{Related work}:
\begin{itemize}
\item Some on mixed languages, but with shared safety properties.
\end{itemize}
  
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}

\frametitle{Type inference}

Goal: \emph{provide benefits of type-directed tools to everyone}.

\begin{itemize}

> \item \textbf{Infer types} for all variables, don't just give them type any.

Reviewer: We should phrase this in a way that makes sense to people who have never used TypeScript or Luau.  `any` won't make sense to those people.

How about this?
```suggestion
\item \textbf{Infer types} for all variables.  Resist the urge to give up and ascribe a top type when an error is encountered.
```
